----

---

After a busy day, I realized that some of this stuff makes no sense.

What are graduate students supposed to do?

Writing and publishing papers, that's our job.

If you don't even want to do your job, then essentially something is wrong with your mind.

---

Swiping short videos and playing games only aggravates my anxiety and depression.

Obviously, I don't really want to care about that right now.

I want to work hard and have something to work towards, but that orientation seems to have faded today.

Is it?

Is it because it was a bad day mentally? Was it not getting enough rest?

Or did I swipe too many short videos today and play the game for too long?

There's no doubt that playing LOL right now brings back a lot of unpleasant emotions.

Don't think about it in the future.

---

About the cat.

We were very irresponsible.

Obviously incapable of taking care of him, we insisted on picking him up.

---

About academics.

I didn't publish any paper.

I didn't apply for scholarships.

I gave up everything.

Why?

Because I couldn't find any direction, I couldn't see any hope in life.

Life is so meaningless.

---

It's been a time of suitable travel, so to speak.

I'm confident again, but in colleges and universities, it seems that I've become unsure again.

Should have done desensitization training. This is not a solution.

Being uncomfortable, fine.

There are things I want to do when I get back.

It's loving and not being able to do it that gives me the most motivation, rather than letting me fall back into my comfort zone.

---

Habit formation is extremely important.

I think I really need to get serious about meditation in the future.

And, slap myself once I swipe a short video, once I want to do something un-nutritious at the scheduled time.

These are things that are unproductive to do and drain chi and blood.

---

To have a future with you.

To be able to hold your hand again.

I think.

It's time to make a change.

